Clarify S3 usage (#25)
stac-extensions/storage: platforms/aws-s3.md

This defines the Amazon Web Services (AWS) S3 interface.

- `platform`: `https://{bucket}.s3.{region}.amazonaws.com`,
  which is the endpoint URL after replacing all variables in the URL.
- `bucket`: The bucket name.
- `region`: One of the S3 regions (lowercase).

> **Note:** If `s3` exists in `auth:refs`, you should use sign requests,

Reviewer: I don't get here why it is written that: "e.g. using the AWS CLI parameter `--no-sign-request`"

`--no-sign-request` is used when no sign request is needed as name suggests i.e. when bucket is public.

Author: Indeed, we'll clarify this here and in the auth extension: https://github.com/stac-extensions/authentication/issues/37

Author: ```suggestion
**Note:** If the `s3` authentication scheme (i.e. "Simple S3 authentication") is referred to through `auth:refs`, you should disable signing requests,
```
